How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

Diff tools able to highlight all differences between two files much faster than 
us eyeballing ourselves.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

When a regression issue detected, we just need to go through the file in the history and
identify what changes has caused such issue.
Besides, history also allow us to keep track of our work from time to time. It is useful,
especially when you are working in a team.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

Pros:
1. We have the say on when to commit a work. Usually when we have finished making a logical change
2. Create less overheard where we are committing more that we have to.

Cons:
1. We may lose some work if we forgot to commit / have not completed current work

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Saving multiple files in one commit is more for programming codes or works that require 
changes on different files for a single task. 
Saving single file in one commit is more for document oriented works.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Use git log to go through list of commits that we have done and identify which commit that we wish to
see the changes.
Then use git diff to see what have been changes for that particular commit by comparing it to previous commit.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

It allow me to focus on writing code rather than making copies manually worrying that I might break some existing 
logic. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Of course I want to use it for my future programming projects!